[Music]
What's up kids, how are you? It's
good, something is coming that everyone
is waiting for. This time the video
Dallas says that he is not going to upload it exclusively
for paying subscribers of the channel. I
understand that he is referring to, is it late or not? The
next video that is coming is exclusive
for paying subscribers of the channel.
Well, it doesn't have to be, it's late, it
could be paying subscribers. I
imagine it's just that I don't understand how
the paid subscription works in
being Osh and so on. I don't know if there is also
something that is exclusive like here
on YouTube that is possible for members,
but well, it is exposing all of the 8s,
that 8 is a piece of V and deserves to
be in jail. Have you noticed how he continues to
affirm that so much, let's go, that he doesn't
hesitate when it comes to affirming
that. I would like to know what it is that he
has, stylizing to know the truth,
I am eager to know what he is basing it on
because it is not stupid to accuse
someone of that, quite strong, quite
strong, even he himself could get into
a tremendous mess.
I am always very careful with what I
say, you know that, so this
guy  is cutting I imagine that it must
have a lot that I demand
a camera in the a camera in
room 89 that I have no idea
what it could be that he could have to
launch you to launch you to make this
accusation because no matter how much I tell you to
someone that someone has told you or
even imagine that a girl has
told me I don't know what the girl's word is
against the against nothing he
understands me against what he could say
to defend himself I don't know if it's that it doesn't
cross my mind what evidence he could
have to accuse someone in this way
okay then not sentencing
watch the video the truth I will tell you everything I
know and I will put it here only for the
subscribers and nothing else will come soon
thanks to everyone for the support and a hug
at the end of the statement as if taking away
the seriousness of the matter I don't know
family let's see I see it as terrible I see it
terrible no how tremendous it is tremendous
tremendous
I would not get into this mess they have
told me things on YouTube I do not
get involved I do not get involved I really surrender
myself  I reserve for myself, for my privacy,
knowing many things that I know but I'm already
telling you that it can get you into trouble, you know,
already, let's go to me, what bothers me is
one thing and with this I don't want to accuse
anyone of anything, really or very clearly, I neither accuse
anyone nor point at anyone or anything, it's
worth it that the only thing I'm going to do is
comment on the salsa singer,
this is a strong controversy when
Dallas uploads the video if it is exclusive
to paying members then I'm not going to go to
the law or at least the other problems don't come out
respect that it is
paid who wants to see the video has to
pay we will comment on it without putting
images saying more or less what I
thought and such but
what calls my attention is that he didn't
sue me someone called me and I
sued him but the next day he is
sued for sure I can guarantee you for
sure and we are already talking about that this
happened I do
n't remember exactly I think it would be
like two or three months ago it can't even
burn and it can even burn support that
was when the people who
were old came on me also put the
extra on him this is what the strikes come in aute  I
mean we're talking about four months or
more three four months at least
because we're already entering April
of course and he hasn't sued him and if not and
if we burn he hasn't sued him the proof
from Canada sued is nothing more
than that same thing no that they keep calling themselves
those who don't sue him
so I have no idea family what it is he has I do
n't know what you all think how he
feels about this do you want to know it
seems right to you to say it if you know
you
also go crazy to put it I don't know if I'm doing it too
strongly this is enough this is going to burn this
werder I hope he uploads it
only for subscribers for a few days
but then also that he publishes it I
have no idea because everything is going to be a
big deal he thinks he thinks that 8 can
respond because the other time the only thing he
did live was laugh nervously and
nonsense I don't know
when the hours pass because this is already
today of course this he already posted yesterday and this is
today these referendums or rather today I am
recording you at 6 in the morning so
well we will be waiting for the family and we
will comment on it very loudly a  hug
[Music]